Statuses and conditions handling (#37)
kyma-project/btp-manager: docs/operations.md

module status. The BtpOperator CR reflects the status of the operand, that is, SAP BTP Service Operator, only when it is
the oldest CR present in the cluster. In that case a finalizer is added, the CR is set to `Processing` state and the
reconciliation proceeds.
Otherwise, it is given an `Error` state with the condition reason `OlderCRExists` and message containing details
about the CR responsible for reconciling the operand.

Next, the reconciler looks for a `sap-btp-manager` Secret in the `kyma-system` Namespace. This Secret contains Service
Manager credentials for SAP BTP Service Operator and should be delivered to the cluster by KEB. If the Secret is
missing, an error is thrown, the reconciler sets `Error` state (with the condition reason `MissingSecret`) in the CR and stops the reconciliation until the Secret
is created. When the Secret is present in the cluster, the reconciler verifies whether it contains required data. The
Secret should contain the following keys: `clientid`, `clientsecret`, `sm_url`, `tokenurl`, `cluster_id`. None of the
key values should be empty. If some required data is missing, the reconciler throws an error with the message about

> missing keys/values, sets the CR in `Error` state (reason `InvalidSecret` and stops the reconciliation until there is a change in the required

Reviewer: ```suggestion
missing keys/values, sets the CR in `Error` state (reason `InvalidSecret`), and stops the reconciliation until there is a change in the required
```

Author: Corrected.

> missing keys/values, sets the CR in `Error` state (reason `InvalidSecret` and stops the reconciliation until there is a change in the required

Reviewer: Maybe it would be better to say (due to `InvalidSecret`), WDYT?

Author: `InvalidSecret` is the value of `reason` field in status structure. So due to missing keys/values CR is in the state `Error` with reason `InvalidSecret`.

Reviewer: Right, so do not change it.

| 1   | Ready      | Ready          | True             | ReconcileSucceeded     | Reconciled successfully                                                        |
| 2   | Processing | Ready          | True             | Recovered              | Recovered from error                                                           |
| 3   | Processing | Ready          | False            | Initialized            | Initial processing or chart is inconsistent                                    |
| 4   | Processing | Ready          | False            | Processing             | Final state after deprovisioning                                               |
| 5   | Deleting   | Ready          | False            | HardDeleting           | Trying to hard delete                                                          |
| 6   | Deleting   | Ready          | False            | SoftDeleting           | Trying to soft delete after hard delete failed                                 |
| 7   | Error      | Ready          | False            | OlderCRExists          | This CR is not the oldest one so does not represent the module status          |

> | 8   | Error      | Ready          | False            | MissingSecret          | 'sap-btp-manager' secret was not found - create proper secret                  |

Author: Corrected.

> | 9   | Error      | Ready          | False            | InvalidSecret          | 'sap-btp-manager' secret does not contain required data - create proper secret |

Author: Corrected.

> | 10  | Error      | Ready          | False            | ResourceRemovalFailed  | Some resources could be left due to errors while deprovisiong                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 10  | Error      | Ready          | False            | ResourceRemovalFailed  | Some resources can be left due to errors while deprovisioning                  |
```

Author: Corrected

> | 10  | Error      | Ready          | False            | ResourceRemovalFailed  | Some resources could be left due to errors while deprovisiong                  |

Author: Done.
